ready for tonight i'm as ready as a
person can be
after the fight we're all coming back
here for the champs of victory paulie
don't be late minister malcolm x good
news the chariot is coming
you know homograders that's right jim
brown takes the ball your record is
going to stand the test of time
how's everybody feeling tonight all
together
yeah new heavyweight champion of the
world
say champ you don't suppose you could
sign an autograph yeah of course man
give him an autograph jim actually mr
cook
oh sure thing brother
don't you think it's about time to party
tonight there's a chance for us
to reflect hey you mean
no one else is coming well this is off
to a hopping star
you all are a bright and shining future
you need to understand what is at stake
here
everything's not so black and white like
you make it out to be but we are
fighting for our lives
you know i know what's going on out
there right
listen listen
brothers and sisters listen
listen listen miami i swear we'll never
find a way to where we're
[Music]
without having to answer to anybody for
we have to be there for each other
brothers could move mountains without
lifting a finger
you